Feature of python:
•	Python is a versatile, high-level and easy to read programming language
•	Python is a interpreted and general purpose programming language
Key Features:-
1.Easy to Learn:-Python has a single syntax similar to English , making its beginner friendly.
2.Versatile:-Python can we used for web application, Data Analysis, AI, ML, scripting, automation and more.
3.Large community:-A vast community provides libraries, framework and support for almost anything you want to build.
4.Cross platform:-It is platform independent. We can runs an Windows, Linux, Moc and more. 
5.Open source:-Free to Use
6.Interpreted:-Python execute code line by line making debugging easier.
7.Dynamically typed:-You dont ned to declare variable type explicitly.
8.Object-Oriented and Functional :-Python supports multiple programming methodologys like object-oriented , procedural and Functional.
9.Python is a High level programming language

Python keywords:
False		if		break		yield
True		else		continue	lambda
None		elif		pass		global
and		for		import		class
or		while		from		assert
not		try		as		async
in		except		with		await
is		finally		def		nonlocal
del		raise		return
import keyword
keyword.kwlist

Python Syntax & Indentation:-
	• python statements do not required semicolons(;) at the end.
	• Each columns typically represent one statement.
Example:
	print(“Well come  to python”)
	• Multiple statements can be written on a single line using semi-colons (;).
Example:
x=10;y=20;print(x+y)

Python is a case-sensitive
	Name = “Sunny Leon”
	name =  “deepika”
	print(Name)
	print(name)
-> We can use singe line and multi-line comments in python
-> Single line comments we can use #
		Example: 
			#This is single line comment.
-> Multi-line comments we can use(“””   “”” or ‘’’   ‘’’)

Python Indentation:-
Indentation refers to spaces or tab at the begging of a line.
It is used to define the scope of code blocks
	Example:- Functions, class, condition , loops
Rule for indentation:-
1.Python enforces indentation omitting it result in an error
2.Use the same number of spaces or tabs   throughout your code block.
3.Use either spaces or tabs but not both, if we can use both we can get indentation or tab Error.
Small Example:-
X=10
Y=20
If x < 20:
	Print(y)--This line starts with indentation
Common Errors:-
1.IndentaionError:-Occurs when the indentation is missing.
2.TabError:- Occurs when Mixed indentation are using in script like Tab and Spaces.

Installation:-
	Open https://www.python.org
	Download the python
	Double click the install file
	Install now
After installation we need check 
	python –version
	pip –version
First Python Program:-
Print(“Hello , well come to python “)
How to run the program
	Got to python path
	cd directory of python file exist
		Python file.py
 Example:
	Cd C:\Users\kiran\Downloads\Solutions\Solutions
